Docs: update docs to mention GitHub app (#12452)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/guides/private-submodules.rst

#. Remove the SSH deploy key that was added to the main repository on GitHub

   .. note::

      If you are using our :ref:`reference/git-integration:GitHub App` to connect your repository to Read the Docs,

>       You can skip this step, as we don't add a deploy key to your repository in that case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You can skip this step, because access to your repository is controlled through the App instead of a Deploy Key. 
```
